README.md, before:

<img align="right" width="150" height="150" src="https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/assets/17619496/ddcdb667-db87-4844-b102-c928ac15f074">

[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/vassbo/freeshow/total)](https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/releases)
[![Licence](https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-GPL-blue.svg)](https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/blob/main/LICENSE)

# FreeShow

> FreeShow is a free software with a user-friendly interface that offers powerful features for creating and editing slideshows.

## Get Started Using FreeShow

[![](https://markdown-videos.vercel.app/youtube/9_1lUNcrU1w)](https://youtu.be/9_1lUNcrU1w)

## Preview

<div style="display: flex;gap: 10px;">
    <img style="width: 49%;" src="https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/assets/17619496/e74ed3c3-75ee-44a0-a3ee-1f8155c83220">
    <img style="width: 49%;" src="https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/assets/17619496/5b23c324-e21b-4a39-ad19-83bd91bb7b40">
</div>
<div style="display: flex;gap: 10px;margin-top: 10px;">
    <img style="width: 49%;" src="https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/assets/17619496/f6281d2a-fec9-41ae-baa3-cbdcced051ec">
    <img style="width: 49%;" src="https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/assets/17619496/9c315a85-6abb-4511-af94-3b276fff1f96">
</div>

## Short description

FreeShow is a free and open-source presentation program that makes it easy to show text on a big screen. It supports stage display, remote control, media, and many other advanced features. It is open-sourced meaning anyone can contribute.

I created FreeShow because other simular programs I tried was expensive or complex to use. I wanted to create a program that was easy to use and affordable for everyone, from small churches to large venues. FreeShow is now used by people all over the world.

## Donate?

I've put a lot of time and effort into developing FreeShow, and I'm passionate about continuing to develop it. If you would like to help me make FreeShow even better, a donation would be greatly appreciated.

[![Donate](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=Y9PJC9TN4528A)

## Report an issue or request a feature

Create an [issue on GitHub](https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/issues).

## Give feedback

Send a mail to [dev@freeshow.app](mailto:dev@freeshow.app).

## Help translate

Check out [howToAddLanguage.md](/public/lang/howToAddLanguage.md)

_Made in Norway by Kristoffer Vassbø_

Commit message:

v0.9.9 (#277)
* ✔ Fixed Object has been destroyed error

* 🚩 Added Turkish language
- Block bad lyrics from Genius
- Pressing enter to show scripture when searching works
- Styled lines not overwriting scripture verses
- Fixed turning off auto size working
- Fixed MIDI next slide not advancing
- CTRL click increment by 10 number input

* ✨ Faster auto size!
- Fixed double auto size
- Update auto size when resizing item
- Stage background on slide
- Fixed stage output window not showing anything
- Import .chordpro format
- Fixed image getSize error

* 📺 Stage proper size on current slide
- Fixed stage hidden sometimes
- Better stage textbox tools
- Fixed some issues with stage output screen
- Fixed not finding IP with some networks

* 🚩 Fallback language
- Transifex localization
- Updated Italian language

* 📖 Hightlight Jesus words
- Pro7 decode more encoded letters
- Fixed renaming a show changing the name
- Logging main process errors
- Fixed YouTube control issues

* ✨ Custom HTTP triggers
- Import docx files

* Version update

* 🚩 Updated Norwegian

README.md, after:

<img align="right" width="150" height="150" src="https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/assets/17619496/ddcdb667-db87-4844-b102-c928ac15f074">

[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/vassbo/freeshow/total)](https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/releases)
[![Licence](https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-GPL-blue.svg)](https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/blob/main/LICENSE)

# FreeShow

> FreeShow is a free software with a user-friendly interface that offers powerful features for creating and editing slideshows.

## Get Started Using FreeShow

[![](https://markdown-videos.vercel.app/youtube/9_1lUNcrU1w)](https://youtu.be/9_1lUNcrU1w)

## Preview

<div style="display: flex;gap: 10px;">
    <img style="width: 49%;" src="https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/assets/17619496/e74ed3c3-75ee-44a0-a3ee-1f8155c83220">
    <img style="width: 49%;" src="https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/assets/17619496/5b23c324-e21b-4a39-ad19-83bd91bb7b40">
</div>
<div style="display: flex;gap: 10px;margin-top: 10px;">
    <img style="width: 49%;" src="https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/assets/17619496/f6281d2a-fec9-41ae-baa3-cbdcced051ec">
    <img style="width: 49%;" src="https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/assets/17619496/9c315a85-6abb-4511-af94-3b276fff1f96">
</div>

## Short description

FreeShow is a free and open-source presentation program that makes it easy to show text on a big screen. It supports stage display, remote control, media, and many other advanced features. It is open-sourced meaning anyone can contribute.

I created FreeShow because other simular programs I tried was expensive or complex to use. I wanted to create a program that was easy to use and affordable for everyone, from small churches to large venues. FreeShow is now used by people all over the world.

## Donate?

I've put a lot of time and effort into developing FreeShow, and I'm passionate about continuing to develop it. If you would like to help me make FreeShow even better, a donation would be greatly appreciated.

[![Donate](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=Y9PJC9TN4528A)

## Report an issue or request a feature

Create an [issue on GitHub](https://github.com/vassbo/freeshow/issues).

## Give feedback

Send a mail to [dev@freeshow.app](mailto:dev@freeshow.app).

## Help translate

Head over to [FreeShow on Transifex](https://app.transifex.com/nettbiter/freeshow/) to request a language.

_Made in Norway by Kristoffer Vassbø_
